# Data-Analysis
Simple practice projects\
<h4>Hotel Bookings</h4> Analizing hotel bookings with Pandas. Read_csv, info, rename, groupby, agg, query, sort_values, idxmax, idxmin, value_counts methods were used for Exploratory Data Analysis. Customers Churn rate was calculated.\
<h4>Screen time analysis</h4> Screen time analysis is the task of analyzing and creating a report on which applications and websites are used by the user for how much time.With the help of python visualization libraries, I used scatter plot to find the correlation between two variable(i.e. one dependent variable and other independent variable)\
<h4>Smart watch analysis</h4> Smartwatches are preferred by people who like to take care of their fitness. Analyzing the data collected on your fitness is one of the use cases of Data Science in healthcare. using the Python programming language and visualisation libraries I analyzed the relationship between the variables, Calories burned, active minutes per day, inactive minutes per day of all the users.
<h4>Google search analysis</h4> Approximately 3.5 billion searches are performed on Google daily, which means that approximately 40,000 searches are performed every second on Google. So Google search is a great use case for analyzing data based on search queries. Google doesn’t give much access to the data about daily search queries, but another application of google known as Google Trends can be used for the task of Google search analysis. Google Trends provides an API that can be used to analyze the daily searches on Google. This API is known as pytrends, you can easily install it in your systems by using the pip command; pip install pytrends.
